Reduce Kedro package size by removing docs from it (#1500)
kedro-org/kedro: RELEASE.md

* Fixed `Jinja2` syntax loading with `TemplatedConfigLoader` using `globals.yml`.

## Upcoming deprecations for Kedro 0.19.0

> * `kedro docs` will be removed in 0.19.0.

Reviewer: Yes! In case we don't merge it before the `0.18.1` release, it will go under a new header for `0.18.2`

> * `kedro docs` will be deprecated in 0.19.0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `kedro docs` will be removed in 0.19.0.
```

* Fixed `Jinja2` syntax loading with `TemplatedConfigLoader` using `globals.yml`.
* `config_loader` is available as a public read-only attribute of `KedroContext`.
* Made `hook_manager` argument optional for `runner.run`.

> * Changed the behaviour of `kedro docs`, it will now open an online version of the Kedro documentation instead of a locally built version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `kedro docs` now opens an online version of the Kedro documentation instead of a locally built version.
```

* Removed global `_active_session`, `_activate_session` and `_deactivate_session`. Plugins that need to access objects such as the config loader should now do so through `context` in the new `after_context_created` hook.
* `config_loader` is available as a public read-only attribute of `KedroContext`.
* Made `hook_manager` argument optional for `runner.run`.

> * `kedro docs` now opens an online version of the Kedro documentation instead of a locally built version.

Reviewer 3: Maybe also good to highlight the changes (greatly reduced package size?).

Author: Sounds good will add it in.
